Challenge #1: Object Oriented Challenge

Using whichever object oriented programming language you prefer (preferably Java or Python), write a program that can solve the following requirements. You can write this program locally, or using a web-based Java Online Compiler such as Programiz or JSFiddle.

Requirements:

1. Create a Class that represents a Zoo that you own. Here are some following
characteristics of the Zoo Class: ✔
a. Holds the following information about the zoo:
i. Name ✔
ii. City ✔
iii. Operating Hours ✔ 
b. Can keep track of one or more Animals that currently live in the Zoo. This
includes:
i. Ability to print out how many Animals are currently in the zoo ✔
ii. Ability to add an Animal to the Zoo  ✔
iii. Ability to remove an Animal from the Zoo ✔
iv. Ability to print out descriptions of all the Animals that currently live
in the zoo ✔
v. Ability to determine, depending on the current day of the week, the
current Admission Price. Price is based on the following:  ✔
1. Monday & Tuesday: $19.99 
2. Wednesday: $9.99
3. Thursday & Friday: $19.99
4. Saturday & Sunday: $25.99

2. Create another Class to represent an Animal that lives in the Zoo. Here are some
following characteristics of the Animal Class: ✔
a. Holds the following information about the Animal:
i. Animal Species  ✔
ii. Name ✔
iii. Number of Legs ✔
iv. Gender ✔
b. Has the ability to print out a description of the Animal using the class level
information  ✔

3. Create at 3 additional Classes that extend the Animal Class and represent 3
different species:
a. Giraffe ✔
i. When a Giraffe is created, define the current height (in meters)  ✔
ii. Has a method that can be used to compare how this Giraffe’s
height compares to other Giraffes. For your reference: 
1. Male giraffes are an average of 5.5 meters tall ✔
2. Female giraffes are an average of 4.6 meters tall ✔

b. Crocodile
i. When a Crocodile is created, define the number of teeth it has ✔
ii. Has a method that logs out its favorite food  ✔ CUÁL SERÍA?

c. Giant Tortoise
i. When a Giant Tortoise is created, define its current age ✔
ii. Has a method to determine whether the Giant Tortoise is young,
middle-aged, or old. For your reference: ✔
1. Under 50 is young
2. Between 50 - 100 is middle-aged
3. Over 100 is old

4. Run the program to demonstrate that you have accomplished all the
requirements.